Create README.md for new integrations docs/structure (#848)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/admin-guide/admin-personal-access-token.md

.. image:: ../../source/images/access_token_settings.png
  :width: 500 px

## Revoking a Personal Access Token

A personal access token can be revoked by deleting the token from either the user's account settings or from the System Console. Once deleted, all sessions using the token are deleted, and any attempts to use the token to interact with the Mattermost server are blocked.

Tokens can also be temporarily deactivated from the user's account settings. Once deactivated, all sessions using the token are deleted, and any attempts to use the token to interact with the Mattermost server are blocked. However, the token can be reactivated at any time.

### Account Settings

1. Sign in to the user account and go to **Account Settings > Security > Personal Access Tokens**.
2. Identify the access token you want to revoke and hit **Delete**. Confirm the deletion.

### System Console

1. Go to **System Console > Users**, search for the user account which the token belongs to, then select **Manage Tokens** from the dropdown.

> 2. Identify the access token you want to revoke and hit **Delete**. Confirm the deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Identify the access token you want to revoke, then select **Delete** and confirm the deletion.
```
